Shorten a couple guides + questions (#113)
iterative/mlem.ai: content/docs/user-guide/remote-objects.md

# Working with Remote Objects and Projects

[MLEM objects] (models, data, etc.) can live in different locations such as Git
repositories, cloud object storage, local directories, etc.

<admon type="note">

In this page we will work with model objects in Git repos, but the same
operations apply to any [object type] and location.

</admon>

[mlem objects]: /doc/user-guide/basic-concepts#mlem-objects
[object type]: /doc/user-guide/basic-concepts#mlem-object-types

## Listing objects

You can list MLEM objects inside a remote MLEM project in a Git repo with
`mlem list`. There's no need to clone the repo.

```cli
$ mlem list \
       https://github.com/iterative/example-mlem-get-started \

>        --rev simple

Author: Another question: does `mlem list` work on non-Git MLEM projects?

Reviewer: @jorgeorpinel, Yes, it does!

Author: Well then this needs a quick update:

````suggestion
## Listing objects

You can list MLEM objects inside a remote MLEM project (e.g. in a Git
repo) with `mlem list`. There's no need to download/clone the project.

```cli
$ mlem list \
       https://github.com/iterative/example-mlem-get-started \
       --rev simple
````

`example-mlem-get-started` repo and loads it to memory.

[form branch `simple`]:
  https://github.com/iterative/example-mlem-get-started/tree/simple/.mlem/model

## Downloading objects

You can download MLEM object files to the local environment in with `mlem clone`
(CLI).

```cli
$ mlem clone rf \
  --project https://github.com/iterative/example-mlem-get-started \
  --rev simple \
  ml_model
⏳️ Loading meta from https://github.com/iterative/example-mlem-get-started/tree/simple/.mlem/model/rf.mlem
🐏 Cloning https://github.com/iterative/example-mlem-get-started/tree/simple/.mlem/model/rf.mlem
💾 Saving model to .mlem/model/ml_model.mlem
```

This places the `rf` model [form branch `simple`] of the
`example-mlem-get-started` repo, renames it to `ml_model`, and places it in the
`.mlem/model` directory.

## Cloud storage

It's also possible to (down)load loose MLEM objects stored in any cloud platform
[supported by `fsspec`], e.g. Amazon S3. To do so, provide the file system
protocol & path as target/URL, e.g. `s3://<bucket>/`

<admon type="tip">

Loose objects are typically stored this way because they do not require
[versioning].

</admon>

```cli

> $ mlem init s3://example-mlem-get-started  # Requires S3 auth.

Author: Why do you have to `mlem init` here? @mike0sv @aguschin thanks

Author: I see. But this section is framed as applying to loose MLEM objects (not in a MLEM project) so it is indeed confusing to see `mlem init`.

- [ ] There should probably be a separate section to explain that you can initialize MLEM projects in remote locations and give some motivation (why would I do that). The cmd ref. also should be much more emphatic about this.

For now I removed that line.
